## Summarize

> For this semester, I mainly worked on Shuttle Tracker iOS app. The semester accomplishment is that we can display basic information, such as routes, stops, shuttles, and other features which the website doesn't have, such as toggling routes. 
I basically focused working on the frontend display. Since we started from scratch and had little knowledge on swift and Xcode, it took us a while to get started. At first, our idea was to make the iOS app as similar as the website as possible, so we decided to use the same map API as the webside does, which is mapbox API. Importing mapbox using code caused some trouble at first such as not showing on the storyboard and constantly giving errors. I solved it by using storyboard to import instead. Then I got trouble with finding which structure I should use to display routes and stops. Initially, I used layers, but only one route was showing, since layers could overlap. A way to solve this was to add routes and stops directly as annotations. However, it's not easy for the toggling routes feature, since annotations don't have enableLayer() or enableAnnotation() function, I needed to manually add these into a dictionary to track if they're already on the map. It would take more time and work. Therefore, I decided to change back to layers, since MGLLayer has built-in functions. Finally, I solved the problem by using the reference on the website. 
Next semester goal is to get the shuttles moving on the map, as well as implementing other features such as displaying schedules (in a more readable way) and adding toggling routes buttons automatically. (Right now, I just added three buttons for toggling routes, so it is fixed and cannot show weekend/latenight route only.)